This program graphs information and stock data about the drug companies Moderna, Pfizer and BionTech.
It plots the opening and closing prices, as well as the volume of stock traded of these companies.

For a video explanation go here : https://youtu.be/mXav_pjJQdM

In order to the program you must have the following modules installed:
pandas_datareader
datetime
matplotlib.pyplot
pandas.plotting
pandas
matplotlib inline

To run the program and see the plots jupyter notebook will be requried
1. Clone the repo by typing git clone https://github.com/matthewliu27/pythonProject in your terminal
2. In the terminal type jupyter notebook
3. Open jupyter notebook in your brower
4. In jupyter notebook open 'Stock Analysis.ipynb'
5. Click run on the line of code that you want to run

pandas_datareader.data is imported to be able to take stock data from yahoo finance api
datetime is imported to set the beginning and end of the dates of stock prices that I wanted to analyze
pandas is imported in order to create tables and anaylize the data
pandas.plotting import scatter_matrix allows me to create the scatter matrix
matplotlib allows me to plot the data. inline shows me the plots in jupyter notebook.


Line 94 identifies a sudden increase in the volume of Pfizer stock traded. The program identifies the date to be November 9th 2020.
The spike in volume was caused by Pfizer releasing a press release that their Covid 19 vaccine was effective and that they have 
applied for approval from the FDA.
Line 100 is plots the opening price of Pfizer stock before and after November 9th 2020 to see the effect of the press release on stock price.
Lines 106-108 attempt to put the stocks within context of each other. Multiplying the opening stock price by the volume traded that day I 
roughly estimated the Total amount of money traded that day for each company. I then plotted that data.
Line 124 identifies the date in which the estimated total amount of money traded was highest.
The date was December 1st 2020, and can be explained because the Euopean Union had agreed to buy 80 million doses of Moderna's Covid 19 Vaccine
Lines 136-139 plot a 20 day moving average of Pfizer vs a plot of Pfizer's opening stock price. 
A moving average is a common stock analytical tool.
Line 145 concatenates the opening stock prices of all three drug companies. It links the opening stock prices together to attempt to see any
correlation. 
Line 152 creates a scatter diagram to visualize if there is any correlation on not.
